Update offboarding.md (#805)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/workplace/people/offboarding.md

   * If needed, provide context on what led to the staff member’s resignation.
   * Confirm who will be taking over staff member’s responsibilities in the interim.
5. Termination Retrospective with HR or Team MLT. This is not a formal [retrospective](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-do-a-post-escalation-post-mortem), but is an opportunity to understand how to improve as a function, team, and company. HR may initiate this during Step 3, and will also request Manager feedback on:
  * Confirm rehire eligibility (if resignation was regrettable, not regrettable).
  * Confirm whether a backfill is required. If yes, follow instructions to [open a new role](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/join-us/staff-recruiting#how-to-open-a-new-role).

> 6. Update the Handbook: Update your team list, and any content that may include outdated contact information for your team.

Author: ```suggestion
6. Update the Handbook: If applicable, update your team list and any content that may include outdated contact information.
```
